README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - REST Countries API with color theme switcher solution

This is a solution to the [REST Countries API with color theme switcher challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/rest-countries-api-with-color-theme-switcher-5cacc469fec04111f7b848ca).

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- See all countries from the API on the homepage
- Search for a country using an `input` field
- Filter countries by region
- Click on a country to see more detailed information on a separate page
- Click through to the border countries on the detail page
- Toggle the color scheme between light and dark mode _(optional)_

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.png)

### Links

- Live Site URL: [https://mmcampbell04.github.io/Countries-App/](https://mmcampbell04.github.io/Countries-App/)

### Built with

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/) - For styles

### Extras

- Pagination functionality thanks to tutorial from Traversy Media
- Loader & error messages

### What I learned

- This was the first time using Styled Components, there is likely still some refactoring to go
- The logic behind the pages component

### Future Plans/Further Adaptions

- I'd like to figure out a way to make the custom dropdown fully accessible, likely need another librbary... (?)

Commit message:

updated readme with router and few new notes

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - REST Countries API with color theme switcher solution

This is a solution to the [REST Countries API with color theme switcher challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/rest-countries-api-with-color-theme-switcher-5cacc469fec04111f7b848ca).

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- See all countries from the API on the homepage
- Search for a country using an `input` field
- Filter countries by region
- Click on a country to see more detailed information on a separate page
- Click through to the border countries on the detail page
- Toggle the color scheme between light and dark mode _(optional)_

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.png)

### Links

- Live Site URL: [https://mmcampbell04.github.io/Countries-App/](https://mmcampbell04.github.io/Countries-App/)

### Built with

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/)
- [React Router V6](https://reactrouter.com/)

### Extras

- Pagination functionality thanks to tutorial from Traversy Media
- Loader & error messages

### What I learned

This was the first time using Styled Components and React Router. There's probably some refactoring for the styles that can be done and React Router with Github pages deployment took some to figure out the routes needed!

### Future Plans/Further Adaptions

- I'd like to figure out a way to make the custom dropdown fully accessible, likely need another librbary... (?)
